[Applause]
[Music]
perfect
go on Survivor
but in my three emails well done guys
ready for the forest okay
[Music]
where we're going
it's gonna be the first time they're
going back to like a real forest you
know and the first time they're gonna be
seeing what will be their new homes like
their home for a long time
[Music]
getting through it exploring increasing
building is a new climbing fragment a
new a new game
it's pretty
[Music]
to see these guys playing in the forest
you can see how happy they are you know
it's really nice to see like Chauncey
was on this tree gone crazy and you know
seeing Vicky pspace you know it's better
I think than we imagined I think for a
lot of people what you hope is that you
find something that you can make a
difference you know and we found that
and that's you know that's really nice
I'm grateful for that you know
[Music]
makes it all worthwhile
these babies have gone through so much
and so it makes it all worth it this
even like this and happy and smiling
makes it all of all worth it